all I am serious are you serious you
think the Red Lake down there near 10
Texas that that is over it's over it's
not over it's still red and it's still
drying up is the mark of God is on the
bottom of the lake we'll see what God
has in store meanwhile this isn't the
first time waters ever turn red folks
God sending signs matter of fact this
happened once on march the second 2010
in Antarctica there was a little
microbes and they and they they turned
red and they were frozen into the snow
and the ice and all of a sudden during a
thaw they stay just turned the water red
look at the look at these pictures
unbelievable this was March second 2010
it happened also in Canada when the red
sentiment sediment on the on the rocks
during a real dry time was on the rocks
and then all of a sudden a mighty
powerful rushing water king and it's
washed those rocks off all that red
sediment came off and the river turned
blood-red look at the pictures behind me
amazing that happened on August 226 2010
it's happened in rivers in Minnesota and
in different parts of the world but I'm
here to tell you that the lake in Texas
significantly has a reason do you
realize it for 40 days and nights it was
over a hundred degrees in dallas texas
there's been a major drought in Texas
but there is a political man rising up
the governor of Texas Rick Perry
declared a fast fast in prayer when's
the last time you ever heard of anybody
running to be a president of a nation
declare a fast to pray it's happened but
rarely Perry's fast was on july 26 2011
and soon after the rains begin to fall
in the northern part of texas we'll see
what god has in store for for the the
nation but i would like to read to you a
scripture from the bible where the water
turned red
for a sign it's found in second Kings
get your Bible second Kings chapter 3
i'll begin reading at verse 13 and
elijah said unto the king of israel
whatever I to do with thee get thee to
the prophets of thy father into the
prophets of thy mother and I was
speaking to him because he was the son
of King Ahab and Jezebel who were
worshippers of bale go to them basically
and the king of Israel said unto Him nay
for the Lord has called these three
kings together to deliver them into the
hand of Moab we're in trouble prophet
Elijah and Elisha said as the Lord of
Hosts liveth before whom I stand surely
were not that I regard the presence of
Jehoshaphat the king of Judah I would
not even look towards you sometimes
people want to call the preacher when
they're in a serious problem sometimes
the preachers tired of having to answer
to the voice of the devil we hear the
voice of God let me read on but now
bring me then so Elijah said so bring me
a minstrel and it came to pass that when
the minstrel begin to play the hand of
the Lord came upon Elijah and he said
thus saith the Lord make this valley
full of ditches for thus saith the Lord
ye shall not see when neither shall ye
see rain yet that Valley shall be filled
with water and ye may drink both ye your
cattle and your beasts and this is but a
light thing in the sight of the Lord he
will deliver the Moabites also into your
hand and ye shall smite every fence city
in every choice city and shall fell
every good tree and you shall stop up
all the wells of water and marv a good
piece of land with stones and it came to
pass in the morning when the meat
offering was offered that behold there
came water by the way of Edom and the
country was filled with water so the
ditches were full and when all the
Mobile's heard that the Kings were come
up to fight against them they gathered
all they were able to put on armor and
upward and I stood in the border
they rose up early in the morning and
the Sun shone upon the water in the
ditches and the mobile saw the water on
the other side as red as blood and you
know what the mobile thought it was they
said this is blood the Kings are surely
slain they have smitten one another
therefore let's let mol up let's go take
the spoils of the Lamb and when they had
came into the camp of Israel the mo
bikes then the Israelites rose up and
smoke the mo bites so that they fled
before them and they were forward
smiting the mo bites even into their own
country God gave them victory he sent a
sign of war by turning the water red he
sent a sign of deliverance by turning
the water red what's the sign God is
telling us in the lake in Texas is Rick
Perry rising up for a reason has the
power of prayer and fasting brought a
nation to its knees if has the economic
crisis has the Middle Eastern Wars is
the fall of the dollar is the stock
market's insecurity is the nation's
unemployment rate is the situation that
America faces are we being brought to
the brink of the beast the brink of
defeat or are we going to rise up and
slay those that worship the idol God's
I'm here to say is jihad in trouble
let's wait and see let's pray we don't
know what God's gonna do I just keep
telling you look at the bottom of the
lake look for the mark of God are you
saying give your heart to Jesus the
waters turn red before and the waters
turn red again and the water is going to
turn red one more time in the Bible and
the book of Revelation will you be ready
as Jesus Christ soon is going to return
send a personal message you want to be
saved in Jesus name